there are a lot of functions in the comm
BC MSL that make your cooking experience
easy and fun the first one is a Baker
Matic Baker Matic is an automatic
function like the name says there are 14
different food categories to choose from
all you have to do is say what you put
in the appliance we bake two different
kinds of bread today for you one with
the Baker Matic and the other here with
professional baking as you can see they
look practically identical and when
they're cut open you can see how both
were rised up in beautiful results so
you don't have to put a time or a
temperature or even a mode you just have
to press bake o matic bread medium
browned and it's off so practically
anything that you bake bread cake pie
even a meat fish potato dishes or pizza
you can just put it in and press the
button it's very easy just to show you
how easy this is we did prepare a potato
bake I'll show you how it goes we take
the potato bake and place it in the oven
you press bake o matic bake dish medium
browned and okay and off it goes it
adjusts the time according to the potato
bake itself it's now measuring thanks to
the climate control system and the
active valve how large the dishes and
according to the size of the dish it
adjusts the time after a few minutes it
can tell you exactly how long it will
take and the results are amazing
as you can see here
all you have to do is press bake o matic
choose a frozen food product that you
want to work with for example frozen
aperitif nibbles press ok again and then
you see a packaging time all you have to
do is put the time in with the packaging
calls for press ok and start it
automatically again measures the size
the amount of food that's in the
appliance and within a short period of
time you will see the exact time what it
takes and it again turns out fantastic